this is strictly in 60-seconds where we
cram a week's worth of strictly is it
just one minute semi-finals
it's the penultimate show and no one is
safe Chris and Ola were first up they
had a nightmare of a rumba real
improvement I have to say from did it's
hip-hop tango that was mesmerised by the
pair of you alleys nerves got the better
of a during a tepid tango I was a little
distracted by the nurse but she pulled a
perfect score out of the bag for her
American smooth Ricky lived and breathed
and emotional waltz but he turned up the
temperature for a tremendous tango if
you're not in the final there is no
justice but with no dance-off the first
couple through were Ricky and Nathalie
leaving Chris and Ally with their hearts
in their mouths as the final plays went
to first it downs a Chris and Ricky to
battle it out for king of the dance
floor